{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Authorization to Access Personnel Records\par
Union Steward of Record\par
Authorization to Personnel Records\par
Based on Article 16: Personnel Records, Section 1(A) The Official Personnel File\par
I,\par
hereby give my Union Steward of Record authorization to:\par
Schedule, request, and inspect all Human Resource files kept on me.\par
Schedule, request, and inspect all Supervisor files kept on me.\par
Schedule, request, and inspect all other files kept on me.\par
Receive copies of anything within said files that the Steward of Record, in their sole discretion, deems necessary to have a copy of.\par
By providing such written authorization to my Steward, I acknowledge and agree that the Steward will be able to view personally identifiable information otherwise protected from disclosure.\par
Upon reasonable notice, an employee may inspect the records, excluding any confidential reports from previous employers, in the employee’s official university personnel file within five (5) work days of the employee’s request. With the employee’s written authorization authorizing the employee’s Union Steward to inspect the employee’s official personnel file, consistent with the time requirements provided above.\par
A signed copy of this agreement transmitted by facsimile, email, or other means of transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original executed copy of this agreement for all purposes. Unless I submit a written letter revoking this authorization, it shall remain in effect until the Steward of Records determines this case has been closed.\par
Signature of Employee:\par
Date:\par
Date:\par
Case #:\par
Page ___ of ___:
}