{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Bylaw Update Suggestions\par
Contract Enforcement Team Bylaw Update Suggestions\par
Article 2 – Duties of Executive Committee\par
Section 1\par
The Executive Committee shall meet between Local meetings, when necessary, to conduct business affecting the membership of the Local. A quorum of four (4) is empowered to transact such business.\par
a. The Executive Committee shall be comprised of the Local:\par
(5) Chief Steward(s) (Non-Voting)\par
(5) Vice-President for Contract Enforcement\par
(6) Bargaining Table Delegate\par
(6) Contract Enforcement Executive Officer\par
(7) Lead CAT (Non-Voting)\par
(7) Bargaining Table Delegate\par
(8) Lead CAT\par
Article 10 - Stewards\par
Section 1 — The number of stewards shall be determined by the Contract.\par
Section 2 — Stewards shall be selected by the Executive Committee in accordance with Article II-Duties of Executive Committee of these Bylaws. Selection will be made from a pool of members nominated by the Local membership at a general Local meeting.\par
Section 3 — Stewards may be removed by unanimous vote of the Executive Committee.\par
Section 4 -- All stewards must attend Union training and be certified by our Union.\par
Section 5 — Steward's duties shall be governed by our union's ByLaws. In addition, they shall include but not be limited to:\par
a. Attend Steward Committee meetings at least once monthly to conduct Steward business.\par
b. Elect a Chief Steward or Co-Chief Stewards\par
(1) The Chief Steward(s) will consult and advise on all grievances and shall Chair the Steward Committee, and the Grievance Committee.\par
c. Form a Grievance Committee as depicted in Article 9 of these Laws.\par
(1) Grievance Committee shall meet, when necessary, to discuss current and pending grievances.\par
Article 10 – Contract Enforcement Team\par
1) Overview\par
Our union’s Contract Enforcement Team’s principal duty shall be to safeguard our union's ability to represent employees. Our union’s Contract Enforcement Team ensures that the Collective Bargaining Agreement is properly followed.\par
2) Contract Enforcement Team Members Eligibility\par
a) The total number of Local Union Contract Enforcement Team Member positions is determined by the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA).\par
b) All local union members are eligible to fill an open Contract Enforcement Team Member positions\par
Eligibility Disqualification: All local union member are eligible to fill an open Contract Enforcement Team Member positions provided the local union member is not:\par
(1) A current Executive Committee officer; or,\par
(2) Already assigned/servicing on the Campus Action Team (CAT); or,\par
(3) Already elected to or serving in another local union capacity.\par
3) Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members Eligibility\par
a) The Vice-President for Contract Enforcement may nominate an otherwise Section 2 (b) (i) Disqualified local union member as a Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members if:\par
If there are at least two open Contract Enforcement Team Member positions; and,\par
No local member has been nominated for those positions in the past three months\par
b) Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members position serve for a term of one (1) calendar year.\par
Eligibility will end at the one (1) calendar year anniversary date of election by the Local General Membership and not before said date.\par
(1) The Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members may serve until the first Local General Membership meeting after said anniversary date, if the anniversary date does not coincide with a Local General Membership meeting..\par
The term may be extended for another one (1) calendar year if the original Section 3 (a) conditions still apply on the anniversary date.\par
(1) There are not any limits on the number of extensions, provided Section 3 (a) applies on each Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members anniversary date.\par
c) Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members must proceed through Section 4, Election of Contract Enforcement Team Members each calendar year the Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Member is deemed eligible to serve.\par
4) Election of Contract Enforcement Team Members\par
a) A local union member nominates an eligible local union member to an open Contract Enforcement Team Members position during a monthly Local General Membership meeting.\par
In accordance with Section 3 the Vice-President for Contract Enforcement may nominate an otherwise ineligible local member to a Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members position and make clear it is a limited term position that must be voted on annually in order for the nominated member to stay in the Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Members position.\par
b) Local Members in attendance of the Local General Membership meeting shall vote on the nomination(s).\par
c) Simple majority vote is needed to fill the open Contract Enforcement Team Member as a Conditional Contract Enforcement Team Member.\par
In the event of a tie, the Union President will decide the outcome of the election.\par
d) Simple majority vote is needed to fill the position of Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Member provided that Section 3 (a) applies.\par
5) Training and Certification\par
a) SEIU503 must certify that the Conditional Contract Enforcement Team Members successfully attend and complete initial SEIU503 Contract Enforcement training before the Conditional Contract Enforcement Team Member can become full Contract Enforcement Team Member; and,\par
b) SEIU503 Contract Enforcement Team Members are automatically considered SEIU083 Contract Enforcement Team Members of the CBA.\par
6) Removal of Contract Enforcement Team Members\par
a) Local union members appointed as Contract Enforcement Team Members remain a Contract Enforcement Team Members until:\par
The Contract Enforcement Team Member resigns upon written notification to the Vice-President for Contract Enforcement; or,\par
The Contract Enforcement Team Member resigns upon written notification to the Contract Enforcement Team Executive Officer; or,\par
Unanimous vote of the Executive Committee;.\par
(1) By referral of the Vice-President of Contract Enforcement; and,\par
(2) Documentation of failing to perform the duties of a Contract Enforcement Team Member; and,\par
(3) The Executive Committee determines the documentation raises to the level of a preponderance of the evidence.\par
b) Regular Contract Enforcement Team Members are not subject to term limits.\par
c) Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Member position shall be removed:\par
Automatically at the end of their one (1) calendar year appointment, unless reappointed per Section 3.\par
Limited-term Contract Enforcement Team Member may resign upon written notification per Section 6 (a); or\par
Limited term Stewards may be removed by unanimous vote of the Executive Committee.\par
d) Condition Contract Enforcement Team Members may be removed by the Vice-President of Contract Enforcement at any time with or without cause.\par
This is an at will position until promoted to either a Regular Contract Enforcement Team Member or a Limited-Term Contract Enforcement Team Member.
}