{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Employee Notification - Steward of Record Assigned\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{Employee’s Full Name <employee’s email address>\}\par
CC:\par
PSU SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Employee Notification - Steward of Record Assigned\par
Dear \{Employee’s First Name\},\par
We are notifying you of the Steward of Record that is assigned to your case.\par
SEIUPSU Case Number:\par
\{Case Number\}\par
Steward of Record:\par
\{Steward's Full Name\}\par
Steward's Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
We kindly request that any correspondence involving this case have the case number in the subject line (as it will make it much easier to search for later, and keep all documentation together).\par
Attached are several forms that will help us better serve you and your case. We ask that you please fill them out and give them to your Steward of Record.\par
The first form authorized your Steward of Record to speak with others (i.e. HR) about your specific case. The first page needs to be signed and returned to your Steward of Record. The second page is for your information only and it gives you an idea of the information that your Steward of Record will need to best assist you.\par
The second form authorizes your Steward of Record to view various records that the University may have on you. These records can prove beneficial to your steward in assisting you. Should you so choose to allow this, this should be updated to show what you will and will not allow, needs to be signed, and returned to your Steward of Record.\par
The third form will allow you to remove any discipline that may be in your file that is subject to removal. We have found that sometimes HR has not always followed the CBA when it comes to removing expired documents when they should so by signing this document, returning it to your Steward of Record; they can submit it on your behalf and we force HR to evaluate your record and remove any expired documents. This may help your case later on down the line.\par
The fourth attachment is a set of cards that you may use in meetings with your supervisor. Weingarten Rights Statement\par
Finally, the last attachment is from Oregon's BOLI and gives you some behaviors that Oregon would consider workplace bullying.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Attachments\par
[CaseNumber]_WorkerAndStewardInvestigationAgreement-Unsigned.pdf\par
[CaseNumber]_AuthorizatingUnionStewardOfRecordToPersonnelRecords_[GrievantsName]_Blank-Fillable.pdf\par
[CaseNumber]_RemovalOfDisciplineRequest_[GrievantsName]-Fillable.pdf\par
WeingartenRightsStatement-CardsTemplate.pdf\par
WorkplaceBullyingPoster-2018.pdf\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}