{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Work out of Class/Reclassification Documentation Needed\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{Employee\}\par
CC:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Work out of Class/Reclassification Documentation Needed\par
Hello \{Individual\},\par
In order for us to better assist you with your Work out of Class /Reclassification, we will need you to provide the following documentation. If this is for a Work out of Class claim, we will need this documentation within 20 days in order for us to file the claim. Once you have this documentation we can move forward with processing the reclassification request. If you request the reclassification then the University has deadlines/timelines they have to meet. If your supervisor requests the reclassification for you, then the University does not have any deadlines/timelines they have to meet.\par
Required Documentation:\par
Present Job Description. [Original Job Description]\par
Present Job Classification from\par
OSU Classification Specifications\par
.\par
New Job Classification from\par
OSU Classification Specifications\par
.\par
Updated and signed by the supervisor the updated copy of the JD, if for some reason the supervisor does not sign we will submit what we have. \{Showing new job duties and the percentage of time doing each job duty.\}\par
Any documentation from the supervisor that asks the employee to do the duties.\par
If a desk audit was completed we need a copy of that. [Information Request if individual does not have it]\par
A write up by the employee of the justification on the reason they picked the classification they chose.\par
Note:\par
SEIU CBA 2022-2026: Article 48: Reclassification, Provides the process for which the re-class will be evaluated.\par
Be aware of Section 4(A). Appeals. Filing. Reclassification Upward.\par
, "No new evidence will be presented by the employee/Union in this appeal process."\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Full Text of Article 48: Reclassification Upward/Reclassification Downward\par
Section 1.\par
Reclassification must be based on findings that the purpose of the job is consistent with the concept of the proposed classification and that the class specification for the proposed classification more accurately depicts the overall assigned duties, authority, and responsibilities of the position. As used herein: (A) the purpose of the job shall be determined by the statement of purpose and assigned duties of the position description and other relevant evidence of duties assigned by the university; (B) the concept of the proposed classification shall be determined by the general description and distinguishing features of its class specification; and (C) the overall duties, authority and responsibilities of the position shall be determined by the position description and other relevant evidence of duties assigned by the university.\par
Section 2.\par
(A). Reclassification Upward.\par
Reclassification upward is a change in classification of a position by raising it to a higher classification. Except within nine (9) months of a misallocation, a reclassification must be based on a finding that the duties, authority and/or responsibilities of a position have been enlarged, diminished or altered, but the knowledge, skills and abilities required are still essentially similar to those previously required.\par
(B)\par
Employees may request reclassification by submitting their draft position description form and written explanation with all relevant evidence for the proposed reclassification to the university’s Human Resources office. The university shall review the merits of the request based on the final position description that has been updated and approved by the supervisor and chief human resource officer or designee. Within sixty (60) calendar days after the receipt of the reclassification request, the university shall notify the employee of its decision, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing, and shall provide the employee with a copy of the final updated position description. The employee shall be entitled during the sixty (60) day review period to present further arguments in support of the request. Should the duties of the position support the proposed reclassification, the university shall make a determination whether to reclassify or remove the duties in a timely manner.\par
(C)\par
If a reclassification request is approved or upheld, the effective date shall be the first of the month following the month in which university received the reclassification request. The employee will receive a lump sum payment for the difference between the current salary rate, including work-out-of-class pay, if any, and the proposed salary rate, for the time period beginning the first of the month following the month in which the university received the reclassification request to the date of actual implementation.\par
(D)\par
If a reclassification request is approved or upheld, the rate of pay upon upward reclassification shall be the first step of the new salary range or one step, whichever is greater. In either case, a new salary review date will be established twelve (12) months thereafter. Should a reclassification upward result in overpayment of pay from the effective date of the reclassification to the day of actual implementation, the employee shall be held harmless and not be required to reimburse the Employer for the overpayment.\par
(E)\par
If a reclassification request is approved or upheld, but the duties are removed pursuant to Section 2, the employee will receive a lump sum payment for the difference between the current salary rate, including work-out-of-class pay, if any, and the proposed salary rate, for the time period beginning the first of the month following the month in which the reclassification request was received by the university to the date the duties were removed.\par
Section 3.\par
(A). Reclassification Downward.\par
Reclassification downward is a change in the classification of a position by reducing it to a lower classification.\par
(B)\par
The university shall, sixty (60) calendar days in advance of a reclassification downward of any position, notify the employee in writing of the action and the specific reasons.\par
(C)\par
If an employee is reclassified downward and the employee’s rate of pay is above the maximum of the new classification, the employee’s rate of pay will remain the same until a rate in the salary range of the new classification exceeds it, at which time the employee’s salary shall be adjusted to that step.\par
(D)\par
If the employee’s rate of pay is the same as a salary step in the new classification, the employee’s salary shall be maintained at the same rate in the lower range.\par
(E)\par
If the employee’s rate of pay is within the new salary range but not at a corresponding salary step, the employee’s salary shall be maintained at the current rate until the next eligibility date. At the employee’s next eligibility date, if qualified, the employee shall be granted a salary rate increase of (1) full step within the new salary range plus that amount that the employee’s current salary rate is below the next higher rate in the salary range. This increase shall not exceed the highest step in the new salary range.\par
(F)\par
Employees who are reclassified downward for non-disciplinary reasons shall be given the same recall rights as employees demoted in lieu of layoff pursuant to Article 44 - Layoff of this Agreement for reemployment to the classification from which they were reclassified downward.\par
Section 4.\par
(A). Appeals. Filing. Reclassification Upward.\par
A decision of the university to deny a reclassification upward request may be appealed in writing by our Union under the procedure described in Article 18 – Grievance and Arbitration Procedure, Section 5 beginning with Step 3. Such appeal shall include the final updated position description form signed by the chief human resource officer or designee as referred to in Section 2(B) of this Article and the written explanation previously submitted by the employee to the university’s chief human resource officer or designee, as well as all relevant evidence of duties relied upon by the employee/Union at the university level. No new evidence will be presented by the employee/Union in this appeal process.\par
Reclassification Downward.\par
Within thirty (30) calendar days from the date the employee receives notice that the university will reclassify the employee’s position downward, the employee may grieve this action under the procedure described in Article 18, Section 5 beginning with Step 2, by providing written explanation and all relevant evidence demonstrating why the reclass is in conflict with Section 1 of this Article. If the grievance is appealed to Step 3, such appeal shall include the written explanation and evidence previously submitted to the university’s chief human resource officer or designee. No new evidence will be presented by the employee/Union in this appeal process.\par
(B) Arbitration.\par
A decision by the University to deny a reclassification request or to deny a grievance regarding a downward reclassification may be submitted by our Union to final and binding arbitration in accordance with Article 18 – Grievance and Arbitration Procedure, Section 5, Step 4 of this Agreement. The arbitrator shall allow the decision of the university to stand unless the arbitrator concludes that the proposed classification more accurately depicts the overall assigned duties, authority, and responsibilities using the criteria specified in Section 1 of this Article.\par
Section 5.\par
An incumbent employee who appealed a reclassification decision to final decision through an arbitration, shall not be eligible to either submit a new reclassification review request or to be reclassified downward by management, unless a change of assigned duties has occurred since that decision.\par
Section 6. Misallocation.\par
A misallocation occurs when: (1) a position is improperly allocated at the time it is created or, (2) an employee is placed in a position in which the duties and responsibilities do not accurately reflect the assigned classification.\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}