{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Acknowledge Request for a Steward of Record\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{ELR Team Member\}\par
CC:\par
HR Employee and Labor Relations <hremployeerelations@pdx.edu>, SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - HR - Acknowledge Request for a Steward of Record on \{date/time\}\par
Dear \{HR Individual\},\par
This email is to confirm receipt of this request for a steward. We are working to get an official Steward of Record for this case. You can use the information below on any paperwork that needs to be sent out. We will send you an official Steward of Record contact once we have a steward available. In addition we have also assigned a case number for this case.\par
SEIUPSU Case Number:\par
\{Case Number\}\par
Steward of Record:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Steward\par
Steward's Email:\par
psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu\par
We kindly request that any correspondence involving this case have the case number in the subject line (as it will make it much easier to search for later, and keep all documentation together).\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}