{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Official Steward of Record with Senior Steward\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{ELR Team Member\}\par
CC:\par
HR Employee and Labor Relations <employeerelations@pdx.edu>, SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - HR - Official Steward of Record with Senior Steward on \{Date/Time\}\par
Dear \{ELR Team Member\},\par
We are notifying you of the Official Steward of Record that is assigned to this case and ask that you please update your records. There will be a Senior Steward on this case along with the Steward of Record. We ask that you please also include the Senior Steward on all communications, in all meetings, and any other manner in which the Official Steward of Record is involved.\par
SEIUPSU Case Number:\par
\{Case Number\}\par
Steward of Record:\par
\{Steward's Full Name\}\par
Steward's Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
Senior Steward:\par
\{Full Name\}\par
Senior Steward's Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
We kindly request that any correspondence involving this case have the case number in the subject line (as it will make it much easier to search for later, and keep all documentation together).\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}