{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Steward - New Case Notification\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{Steward of Record\}\par
CC:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Steward - New Case Notification\par
Hello \{Steward\},\par
Here is the initial information we have on this case. In cases that are initiated by management/HR, we are not able to proactively contact the employee. Please wait for the employee to contact you. If the employee does not contact you, then please consider that the employee does not want our assistance, at this time, and we shall close the case.\par
Case Details\par
SEIUPSU Case Number:\par
\{Case Number\}\par
Employee's Name:\par
\{Full Name\}\par
Job Title:\par
\{Job Title\}\par
Employee's Work Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
Department:\par
\{Department\}\par
Type of Case:\par
\{Summary from Tracking Sheet\}\par
Meeting Date:\par
\{Date\}\par
Meeting Time:\par
\{Non-Military Time\}\par
Time to meet with employee before the meeting:\par
\{Non-Military Time\}\par
Meeting Location:\par
\{Zoom Meeting\}\par
Assigned Stewards\par
Steward of Record:\par
\{Steward's Full Name\}\par
Steward's Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
Senior Steward:\par
\{Full Name\}\par
Senior Steward's Email:\par
\{Odin\}@pdx.edu\par
We kindly request that any correspondence involving this case have the case number in the subject line (as it will make it much easier to search for later, and keep all documentation together). Attached is a checklist that should assist you with building the case. The grievant should be supplying you with their authorization for you to be their steward. Please try to keep the Case Number in your subject line as it will help keep correspondence and paperwork together.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Attachments\par
[CaseNumber]_StewardChecklistForGrievanceFiles-Fillable.pdf\par
[CaseNumber]_GrievanceStatementForm_[GrievantsName]_Step1-Unsigned.pdf\par
[CaseNumber]_Narrative_[GrievantsName]_Blank-Fillable.pdf\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}