{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: ELR - Information Request - Submission(01)\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
HR Employee and Labor Relations <hremployeerelations@pdx.edu>\par
CC:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Information Request - Submission\par
Dear Employee & Labor Relations Team,\par
Please see the attached Information Request. We are seeking any communications and documents relating to \{extremely brief summary\}.\par
We have put the deadline for this (these) request(s) at \{Date giving at least 10 business days starting the day after the email was sent and the same one on the form\}.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Attachment:\par
\{SEIU Case Number\}_InformationRequestForm.pdf\par
Article 10: Union Rights, Section 15. PECBA Information Requests.\par
Definitions used in Information Requests and Grievances\par
"Any"\par
- means one or more.\par
"Communication"\par
- means any disclosure, transfer, or exchange of information or opinion, however made.\par
"Document"\par
- means any written, recorded, graphic, or visual material of any kind, whether prepared by you or by any other person, that is in your possession, custody, or control. The term includes contracts; letters; inter-office communications; reports; records; instructions; notes; notebooks; diaries; plans; drawings; sketches; blueprints; diagrams; photographs; photocopies; charts; graphs; descriptions; minutes of meetings, conferences, and telephone or other conversations or communications; recordings; transcripts of telephone conversations; phone mail; electronic-mail; ledgers; financial statements; tape or disc recordings; and computer print-outs. The term "document" includes all drafts of a document and all copies that differ in any respect from the original, including any notation, underlining, marking, or information not on the original.\par
"Including"\par
- means including, but not limited to.\par
"Relating to"\par
- means containing, constituting, considering, comprising, concerning, discussing, regarding, describing, reflecting, studying, commenting or reporting on, mentioning, analyzing, or referring, alluding, or pertaining to, in whole or in part.\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me.  If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}