{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Steward Time - Availability for an Investigatory Interview\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
\{Potential Steward of Record\}\par
CC:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Steward Time - Availability for an Investigatory Interview\par
Hello \{Steward\},\par
The Employee and Labor Relations (ELR) Team is asking for the name of a steward that can be available to assist a represented employee within \{Department\} during an Investigatory Interview.\par
The current information about the Investigatory Interview is below. If you are available to provide assistance on this case please let me know so I can pass this on to the ELR Team.\par
Investigatory Interview Date:\par
\{Day of the week, DD MMM YYYY\}\par
Investigatory Interview Time:\par
\{Start time in non-military time\}\par
Investigatory Interview Location:\par
\{Zoom Meeting, unless a location is given\}\par
Please remember that we must wait for the employee to contact us before we can proceed in assisting them with this issue.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Vice-President Contract Enforcement Team\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me.  If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}