{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: ELR - Information Request - Submission(03) - Third Request\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
AVP-HR Klinkhammer <nklink2@pdx.edu>\par
CC:\par
VP of FADM Johnson <apjohns@pdx.edu>, Director of Employee & Labor Relations, Benefits & Leaves <dramon@pdx.edu>, HR Employee and Labor Relations <hremployeerelations@pdx.edu>, SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - Information Request - Submission - Third Request\par
Tip:\par
Search your “Sent” folder for the “Second Request” email and “reply” to it adding the template below above the prior email information.  Be sure to update the subject line.\par
Dear AVP-HR Klinkhammer,\par
We have submitted this Request for Information to the ELR Team twice already and have not received the information requested. Per negotiated timelines, the first request we gave at least 10 business days to return all the information. If we have not received any or only a partial amount of the information without an estimated time for delivery of the rest of the information we submit a second request and give 3 to 5 business days to return all the information requested or a status update on when we can expect to get the information. Due to not receiving any information or only partial information from the past 2 requests, we are submitting our third request to you and ask that you personally ensure that we receive the information requested within 5 business days from the date of this email.\par
Please see our third request for the information in the attached Information Request. We are seeking information on \{extremely brief summary\}.\par
We have put the deadline for this (these) request(s) at \{Date giving at least 5 business days starting the day after the email was sent and the same one on the form\}.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Attachment:\par
\{SEIU Case Number\}_InformationRequestForm.pdf\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me.  If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}