{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Removal Of Outdated Records Request\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
TO:\par
HR Employee and Labor Relations <hremployeerelations@pdx.edu>\par
CC:\par
SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>, \{Employee Name <employee email address>\}\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
SEIUPSU Case: \{Case Number\} - ELR - Removal Of Outdated Records Request\par
Dear Employee and Labor Relations Team,\par
We would like to request that the attached employee's personal file be examined, and all discipline older than 2 years be removed. Please notify us of the date/time this was completed or if the request is denied please provide a written reason for the denial.\par
If any discipline older than 3 years is still in the records then, per the CBA, these are required to be removed, and we ask they be removed. For all discipline older than 3 years, please notify us what was removed, and the date/time it was removed.\par
Please see the attached signed memo officially requesting this action to be taken.\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Attachment:\par
Attached employee’s signed Removal of Discipline Form\par
Article 16: Personnel Records, Section 1(E)\par
Material reflecting caution, consultation, warning, admonishment, reprimand or other disciplinary action under Article 17, Discipline and Discharge, Section 1 shall be retained for a maximum of three (3) years. If requested by the employee in writing, such material however shall be removed after two (2) years, provided there has been no recurrence of the problem or a related problem in that time.\par
Material relating to disciplinary action recommended, but not taken or disciplinary action which has been overturned and ordered removed from the official personnel file(s) on final appeal, shall be removed.\par
Material mutually-agreed to be incorrect will be removed from an employee's personnel file. (See Article 49 - Position Descriptions and Performance Evaluation.)\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}