{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Memo: Notice of Union Activity\par
Memorandum\par
SEIU Local 083, Oregon State University\par
Note for Stewards:\par
When we take PSU Paid Time to investigate an issue we need to notify our supervisors prior to taking said time. We do our best to give them at least 24 hours notice. Below is a template that can be used to notify your supervisor of your need to take PSU Paid Time in your steward role.\par
The keyword is "PSU Paid Time". If we are "on lunch", "on our 15 minute break", or any other time we are not getting paid by PSU then this notification is not needed.\par
TO:\par
\{Supervisor’s Name <supervisor’s email address>\}\par
CC:\par
HR Employee and Labor Relations <employeerelations@pdx.edu>, SEIU 083 Lead Stewards <psu-seiu083-leadsteward-group@pdx.edu>\par
FROM:\par
\{Your Name, Your Title\}\par
DATE:\par
[Date]\par
SUBJECT:\par
Notice of Union Activity\par
Dear \{Supervisor's First Name\},\par
In accordance with the 2022-2026 CBA, I am hereby giving you notice that I will be away from my desk acting in my role of "Steward" processing a grievance.\par
Day of Week:\par
\{Day of Week\}\par
Date:\par
\{Day\} \{Month\} \{Year\}\par
Start Time:\par
\{Time\}\par
Approx End Time:\par
\{Time\}\par
(End time is an estimate only and may not be exact.)\par
In Solidarity,\par
\{Your First Name\}\par
Relevant CBA Sections\par
ARTICLE 10: UNION RIGHTS\par
Section 6(C):\par
"The function of the steward is to represent employees, when requested by them, in grievance procedures outlined in Article 18 - Grievance and Arbitration Procedure, and in investigatory meetings that an employee reasonably believes could result in disciplinary action or other disciplinary meetings as described in Article 17 - Discipline and Discharge, Section 5. A steward may participate in additional matters when, at the discretion of the university chief human resource officer, such participation is deemed to be mutually beneficial."\par
Section 9(A):\par
"Union Stewards Time Off. Union Stewards will be granted mutually agreed upon time off during regularly scheduled working hours to investigate and process grievances, and to represent employees in investigatory interviews or disciplinary meetings as described in Article 17 - Discipline and Discharge, Section 5 upon notice to their immediate supervisor. If the permitted activities would interfere with the work the Steward or employee is expected to perform, the immediate supervisor shall, within the next work day, arrange a mutually satisfactory time for the requested activity."\par
Section 9(B):\par
"Union Stewards will receive their regular rate of pay for time spent processing grievances and representing bargaining unit employees in investigatory interviews or disciplinary meetings as described in Article 17 - Discipline and Discharge, Section 5 and any time spent as described in Section 6(C) of this Article during their regularly scheduled hours of employment. However, except as provided in Article 18, Section 9 and Section 11, only one (1) Union Steward will be in pay status for any one (1) grievance except where a grievance involves employees in more than one (1) university. Supervisors may request that stewards maintain and submit a monthly activity report of work time spent investigating and processing grievances."\par
ARTICLE 18: GRIEVANCE AND ARBITRATION PROCEDURE\par
Article 10, Section 6(A):\par
"Union Steward Representation. The Employer agrees that a Union Steward system exists for employee representation available to all employees covered by this Agreement and also agrees to respect that when the employee is acting in the employee’s role of steward, the relationship is different from that of supervisor and employee."\par
Article 10, Section 7:\par
"The Employer agrees that there shall be no reprisal, coercion, intimidation or discrimination against any represented employee for protected Union activities."\par
Section 10:\par
"Monthly Meetings. The Chief Steward or Steward designated by our Union and the university’s chief human resources officer or designee shall schedule monthly meetings to review pending grievances and contractual issues and to make good faith efforts to resolve such grievances and issues. The Chief Steward or Steward designated by our Union and the university’s chief human resources officer or designee shall mutually agree on the participation of other Union and Employer representatives at these meetings on a case-by-case basis. Such meetings shall take place during regular working hours."\par
\{Your Full Name\}\par
SEIU 083 Contract Enforcement Team Member\par
SEIU 503 Sublocal 083 (PSU)\par
"And Knowing Is Half the Battle" ~ G.I. Joe\par
-\par
Video Link\par
"Have to move at the speed of trust" ~ AVP-GDI - Dr. Ame Lambert, 5 Apr 2024\par
*** Weingarten Rights Statement ***\par
I request to have our union representative present on my behalf during this meeting because I believe it may lead to disciplinary action being taken against me. If I am denied my right to have our union representative present I will refuse to answer accusation questions and any I believe may lead to discipline.\par
United State Supreme Court ~ NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. 420 U.S. 251
}