{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Workplace Bullying\par
Bureau of Labor and Industries\par
Workplace Bullying\par
Bullying harms employees, employers, and businesses by creating a disrespectful, unhealthful, and nonproductive work environment. Workplace bullying is not illegal in Oregon. However, it is harmful and in some cases can lead to lawsuits based on discrimination. Oregon and federal laws protect individuals who are harassed and discriminated against because of their race, national origin, gender, veteran status, or other protected class status.\par
What is workplace bullying?\par
Workplace bullying is a pattern of repeated mistreatment that harms, intimidates, undermines, offends, degrades or humiliates an employee. Bullying situations may involve:\par
Bosses or supervisors against their subordinates\par
Employees against their peers\par
A group of co-workers targeting another worker (mobbing)\par
An organization or institution where bullying is entrenched and becomes accepted as part of the workplace culture\par
A third party such as a client or customer who bullies an employee\par
Managers and supervisors who have high expectations, present a tough demeanor, identify areas requiring improved performance, or impose discipline within established workplace guidelines are not engaging in bullying as long as their actions are carried out in a respectful and fair manner.\par
Why it Matters\par
Workplace bullying often involves an abuse or misuse of power. Bullying behavior creates feelings of defenselessness and injustice in the target and undermines an individual’s right to dignity at work. The targets of bullying may suffer from physical and mental health problems that can last for many years. Bullying can also reduce productivity, decrease retention, and increase employer health costs.\par
Targets of bullying frequently experience one or more of these significant impacts:\par
Stress, depression, and sleep disorders\par
Reduced self-esteem\par
Increased physical illness and sick days\par
Increased accidents and injuries\par
Lack of focus and loss of effectiveness\par
Bullying can be costly for organizations too:\par
Distraction and loss of productivity by the target, the bully, and bystanders\par
Poor workplace morale and loss of reputation\par
Possible investigations, grievances, and lawsuits\par
Inability to recruit and retain good staff\par
Increased medical costs and attendance issues\par
Examples of situations and actions commonly considered bullying:\par
Abusive Work Environment:\par
The bully makes physical or verbal threats against the target, insults, or publicly humiliates them. The bully spreads malicious, untruthful information or gossip to intimidate or turn others against the target.\par
Undermining and Discrediting:\par
The bully makes false accusations of incompetence, blames target for others’ errors, and/or takes credit for target’s successes at work.\par
Retaliation:\par
The target experiences intentional exclusion and ostracism after raising concerns. This may also include retaliatory loss of job opportunities or favored work activities and schedules when not related.\par
What can an employer do?\par
First and foremost, employers must recognize and prevent workplace bullying by creating a respectful workplace culture. If you are an employer, supervisor, or manager who is aware of bullying and do not take action, then you are accepting a share of the responsibility for future abuses. Take steps to:\par
Develop a respectful workplace code of conduct that specifically prohibits bullying behavior and identifies consequences for employees who engage in bullying.\par
Establish a culture where supervisors are expected to treat employees fairly and respectfully and engage in informal conflict resolution.\par
Provide opportunities for confidential reporting and for mediated conflict resolution when needed.\par
Educate all employees about respectful professional behavior and the company code of conduct.\par
Take claims of bullying seriously and consistently enforce your workplace code of conduct.\par
What can I do if I’m being bullied?\par
Regain control! Bullying is about control, and therefore it has nothing to do with your performance. Here are some options for what you can do:\par
Check if your organization has a code of conduct or workplace violence program that addresses intimidation or harassment at work.\par
Carefully document bullying incidents (dates, times, places, what was done or said and who was present). Keep documents that contradict the bully’s accusations, such as timesheets, emails, and audit reports. Assess whether changes in your own behavior could help resolve the situation.\par
Set boundaries with the bully. If safe to do so, describe the offensive behavior and declare that you expect it to stop. The bully is likely to deny and even misconstrue your accusations initially. However, their behavior may improve over time. Having another person present as a witness and remaining calm can be helpful and strengthen your position if the bully responds negatively.\par
Do not retaliate or escalate the behavior, because you may be blamed or subject to discipline.\par
Report the problem to your supervisor, another manager, or an even higher-level manager at work. This is where the documentation will be helpful to demonstrate that you did not contribute to the situation.\par
Find emotional support from trusted people at work, outside of work and at home.\par
For more information, visit our website at\par
www.oregon.gov/boli\par
,\par
or contact us at 971-673-0761 or\par
mailb@boli.state.or.us\par
.
}